the world fans Pretty Boy Floyd coming
y'all live and direct I just want to
show you how I got some new things you
know saying um just keep it tight just
keep it tight right on me then probably
something John might never seen some
things are you know probably don't got
hold on let me just open the box of them
I probably don't have you it's new uh
Brian character tools this is a what I
don't even know a virgin is I think this
is the wise version y'all probably don't
have these you know pretty cool you know
can they come on you pray have them
never yeah never that's the day that
you'll probably have some never that's
up today you'll give you all right well
I'm gonna keep it moving though because
you know like when I shopped like I
can't just get one pair right Me Pretty
Boy Floyd doesn't even make sense tired
so look this is on number two this is
another period of chalk probably won't
get either this is on I don't know I
can't remember the name of these things
but this is like the new lebron version
oh the business y'all know I'm a
businessman so I gotta do it's the
business y'all probably don't have these
either you probably will never happen
you know just showing it showing y'all
him you know all right let's keep it
moving this is the last version you know
things
so many bags you know then sometimes you
go shopping your arms get tired my arms
it's pretty tired right now fish off
nike lebron cool this is the last
version right here when i started
picking all right now this is the
athlete version new lebron zone six is
six not five sixes you know man it's
pretty nice whoa almost dropped that
swag attack person alright so this is a
this is the athlete version you know I
mean I'm not ready to trying to style
y'all I'm just trying to show you you
know it is what it is i like I just got
them you know I I need a haircut you
know I'm saying but I just wanted to
show you our with our God um you know
it's not just one try to catch up though
this is pretty nice look and you know I
got so many versions of these that if
you hit me up and send me a message
leave a comment like I have a pair for
you you know you can look me up on ebay
you know what I'm saying and if the guap
is right you can have you know one of
these otherwise you won't have it so you
know just think about that but these two
new LeBrons just the athlete right here
um we got just the business and it's a
why
just a wide person you know I mean
you'll never have this so if you want to
you know hit me up brand new you know
I'm saying I even warm yet I probably
won't even wear I don't know we'll see
but just getting I'm not styling on you
go i'm just showing y'all pics out to
the only LeBron James you know